let us start yog sad with chalana crias
or loosening practices to increase micro
circulation neck exercises forward and
backward neck
bending stand in an alert
posture keep feet comfortably apart and
your arms on the
waist
exhale and bend head forward slowly and
try to touch the chin in to the chest
inhale move the head as far back as is
comfortable and come back with
[Music]
inhalation right and left neck
bending exhale bend the head slowly to
the right bring the ear as close as
possible to the
shoulder inhale bring the head to normal
position exhale bend the head to the
left side inhale bring the head up to
normal
position right and left
twisting exhale gently turn the head to
the right side so that the chin is in
line with the
shoulder inhale bring the head to the
normal
position
exhale turn the head to the left
side inhale and bring the head to the
normal
position neck
rotation bend the head forward trying to
touch the chin to the chest inhale
slowly rotate the head
clockwise while coming down
exhale rotate the head in anticlockwise
Direction feel the stretch around the
neck and loosening up of the joints and
muscles of the neck and release of
tension in the neck
people with neck pain and spondilitis
should do the practice
[Music]
gently trunk
twisting keep the legs about 2 ft apart
raise both the arms up to chest level
with the Palms facing each
other exhale twist the body towards the
right side so that the left palm touches
the right
shoulder come back with
inhalation now exhale twist the body
towards the left side so that the right
palm touches the left
shoulder come back with
inhalation repeat do slowly with
[Music]
breathing avoid this practice in case of
vertebral and disk disorders and during
menstruation relax in standing
[Music]
posture knee
movements inhale lift your arms up at
the shoulder
level exhale bend the knees and bring
down your body to the squatting position
inhale and straighten the
body repeat two more
times this practice strengthens the
knees and hip
joints avoid this in case suffering from
acute arthritis exhale while Bringing
Down the
hands